---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: A brief weekend recount and Kehoe Beach
updates:
  - '2022-02-20'
id: '74541616'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![A brief recounting of the weekend since it's a bit later than usual. Yesterday we went over to my parents' place and hung out with the aunt all afternoon. We got there around 11:30AM and everyone was out walking on the hill, so Sydney and I sat under the plum tree for an hour or so and it was just wonderful. I mean that no so sarcastically, either. It was pretty warm, with a cool breeze. Lots of buzzing bees, songbirds, flower blossoms drifting down. Sun shining. Much the same as the days I've written about before the last couple of weekends. The weather has been quite something recently. Anyway, we sat there for a while talking about the this and that, nothing particularly intense. Lazy chat on a lazy Saturday. We went and picked up some burritos, from Mi Familia of course. It's interesting; the mask mandate has finally been lifted for the first time in a while. I think we've been needing to wear masks indoors for eight or nine months now. It was not too bad in the summer; we were maskless and things seemed to be returning to their pre-pandemic state a bit. And then everyone freaked out again and we were back to where we started. I've been looking forward to not needing to deal with this stuff again. Seems like we're getting there. Anyway, the point of all that was to say that when we walked into Mi Fam there were people without masks, and I realized it was the first time I'd seen that since the summer. Or actually, since we went to the eastern Sierra last November. It's the Bay Area, what do you expect from these people. We're conservative as it gets when it comes to enforcing mask regulations. Whatever, I guess. That afternoon we went for a walk around Lake Lagunitas, which I hadn't been to for a while. It's totally full, which was a bit of a surprise in that it's felt like we haven't had rain in such a long time. But I keep forgetting that the rain that we did get in the fall and early winter was our entire normal rainfall for the season. It's all relative, man. That night I made some bean pasta, which was good. I should make that dish more often; it's very nice and creamy just from the beans. Definitely feels mores substantial than just pasta what with the extra protein and thickness from the bean broth. Today we had some waffles, then went out to Kehoe beach, which is out towards the end of Point Reyes. I kind of recall having been there maybe once before, but I would most definitely return; it has the wildness of North Beach with some more cliffs. Very nice. 9:50PM / 47F / High of 58F / High clouds, wind, and moist](images/74541616/hakAXOmPXH-daily.webp "")
