---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: A month of daily pages and scheduled ends
updates:
  - '2022-02-23'
id: '28443867'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![It has now been about one month since I've started the practice of writing a page per day. What to say about it? I used to write a journal entry everyday when I was in college for a while, but this feels different. I'm finding that it's the case that when I sit down to write, what ends up coming out is pretty unpredictable. I have a general Idea I want to start with, but where it ends up going is beyond my control. I think that's mainly to do with the medium; the typewriter forces you to continue thoughts until their end whereas writing or digital writing allows you the mechanism of erasure. Not so here. Everything written must be continued. As for how this practice has changed me, I can't say that it has too noticeable. I'd say the only thing I have seen is that when I wake up early to write these things I then feel pretty motivated to get some work done right after. It's sort of like making your bed in the morning; one little achievement sets the standard for the whole day to come. Something I have been thinking about in relation to this practice though is the end state. When I was journalling daily, I eventually just sort of stopped. I decided I no longer was really getting much value from it, and moved on to other things. There's often this feeling when I start a new daily practice that it'll go on forever. Of course I know that it probably won't (the number of things that I've ended up doing for 200 days in a row are fairly small, and the number I've done for an entire year are… none.) But there's still this idea that this thing in particular *could* be the one I stick with. I'm not really sure why I care about that sort of thing to be honest; it doesn't really matter how long I stick with it so long as I get value from it. I guess the idea I have in mind is that it turns into an investment; where by doing something every day, I'm building up am much larger body of thought for the future, or creating connections in the brain that'll result in other work I want to create. Maybe this is true with the practice of writing a daily page. I just don't know yet. One of the executives at the company I work at was giving a rallying speech about how were going to innovate and innovate and keep doing what we do and continue being the best that there is and building better and better products that people love until… uh.. forever. It feels a bit like that. Maybe the best I can do to avoid this oversight is to stop doing this writing thing (or any daily practice, for that matter) at the end of a year or month or something like that, spend a week not doing it, and seeing what I learn. Maybe in its absence the value becomes clear. Really cold this morning. Yesterday it rained a bit in the evening, but it was an incredibly cold rain. Evidently there was snow on some of the hills around here. 8:10AM / 41F / High of 54F / Sunny and clear](images/28443867/CLSoJCljrb-daily.webp "")
