---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Chainsaws in the night and fire
updates:
  - '2022-02-18'
id: '39570573'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Sometimes you'll gradually float out of sleep and into conscious awareness. Not so this morning. I was suddenly aware of it, the "rrrrRRRRRRRRRrrRR" unmistakable for anything but a chainsaw. This was not a chainsaw around the corner or a few streets away, that sort of chainsaw would lull me, maybe  tempting me towards consciousness. No. This was a chainsaw directly outside our house. Directly. A matter of mere feet. Was it morning? Technically. Was it light, were there birds chirping? No. Only a chainsaw digging through some unknown material right outside our window. "WHAT is that?" was the question uttered after the first growl. A pause, listening. Then again. A long, twenty five second burst of aggression. We waited again. Another growl. By now we had given the chainsaw the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps there was some mistake, some mix up. Someone had risen early to go for a morning run, to walk the dog and had accidentally stopped by their garage and revved up the chainsaw on the way. Now, we were beyond that. This chainsaw was being used, now, right outside our window. Undeniable. The next thought, as it turned out, was to figure out the time. Four o'clock in the A.M. Any benefit of the doubt was so long gone. This early morning dog-walked was not merely accidentally using the chainsaw, they were doing so with great intent. The long, throaty bursts were evidence enough. The chainsaw was soon joined by a banging. Slow, repetitive, against what sounded like wood. Then wood splintering, being destroyed. Was there some sort of poet-apocalyptic scene going on; were chainsaw-armed zombies desperately gnawing their way into some prepper's stash? The question was soon answered as voices drifted over the idling chainsaw, cheerful voices. Not sleep deprived, 4AM voices, but pleasant voices. Men talked to each other, working. Like they were building something. "Bring that around the other side there!" And "How's that looking?" A perplexing nonchalant sort of tone for work done with a chainsaw at 4AM. Normal. At this point it seemed worth investigating. These were not zombies, not some serial killer pursuing some garage-bound victim. Then it was clear. Red lights flashed on the neighboring walls, a tinge of smoke in the air. The neighbor's garage was on fire. Okay, understandable. Back to sleep. 6:10PM / 58F / High of 67F / Some high clouds, sunny](images/39570573/FtCQNmhXDu-daily.webp "")
