---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Clouds moving in and a new breadmaking method
updates:
  - '2022-03-18'
id: '07052132'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Just got back from my evening walk, during which the sky went from a totally bright blue to a light white, to a grey monotone. The temperature changed too, I could feel it dropping as the clouds moved in. It wasn't even that long either, I think the entire duration of the walk was no more than 30 minutes or so. Evidently we're in for some rain tomorrow, which would be nice. As I wrote on Tuesday of this week, the rain situation this winter has been pretty pathetic. It was incredible this fall: there were a couple of big atmospheric rivers starting in october and going into November, and rain all the way through december. But since January there hasn't really been anything at all. Feels kinda biblical, in a way. A couple months of torrential rain aid then nothing for another year. Although I guess that's more the norm in areas near the tropics that get those monsoon seasons and then nothing. Can't say that sounds particularly nice, although I do see how it could lead to some extremely location-specific ways of life seeing just how much the local rainfall changes the way in which you'd have to live. Anyway, what else to note? I started a new daily practice that at the moment I've just called "sit." The idea is to do just that, for around 20 minutes or so a day. Nothing but sitting and thinking, if even that. I know I keep saying how I need to find more time to just sit and do nothing at all, so let's see how that goes. Maybe part of the point of it will turn out to be that I can't force it; that the daydreaming has to arise naturally on its own. Or maybe not. We'll see. Today I'm trying a new breadmaking method in which I start the leaven in the morning, not in the evening the night before. So start the leaven early, then make bread in the afternoon, then let the final rise happen overnight, then bake the next morning. I say "I'm trying" as though this is something I did on purpose, but in truth I just forgot to make the leaven last night and still wanted to make bread today. Hopefully this method works; I've actually always wanted to try making a real sourdough that you leave in the fridge overnight, and I’m pretty sure this is the method you'd use if you were doing that. So it should, but we'll 'see. I think that's all for today's page. Now I'm off to play some video games at long last; it's been over a month since I've played any. I need to make it more of a regular thing, it really helps the relaxation and decompression I think. 6:15PM / 57F / High of 66F / Sunny, then high clouds this afternoon](images/07052132/UfGYntmSsn-daily.webp "")
