---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Fat squirrels and creative focus
updates:
  - '2022-02-07'
id: '35237679'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Every evening I go through and scan my daily typed page so it can be added to One Dimension. I haven't really been reading these things much after writing them, but I have to say: they suck! This writing feels super sloppy and full of repeats and horribly phrased sentiments. Each sentence feels like it often barely relates to the last, and sometimes the first clause of the sentence barely relates to the second. Really awful stuff that I'd never publish if it was digital. But that's the nice thing about this; I don't care if its content is perfectly worded or if the sentences flow well. It can be nasty and horrible and I couldn't care less. The point is that I've written something. Often there's some little idea that happens to emerge that I'll return to later on and expand out. As I've said before, this is a creativity generation machine. The plum tree outside my window is starting to bloom. There are these little white flowers starting to pop out on the side of the tree that gets the most afternoon sun. It's been quite nice seeing all the little animals come and visit over the course of the day. This morning I saw a bunch of little red birds come over and start picking off some of the buds and eat them. Then this afternoon I saw this really fat squirrel come and pick off some buds to eat as well. I think this is the same squirrel that I've seen in the tree in front of the house too; he seems to enjoy its berries. That's probably not surprising given just how fat this guy is; there's probably not a lot that he doesn't like to eat. I looked him up and identified him as a Fox Squirrel, native to the eastern U.S. but introduced to the west. Interestingly all of the pictures of the Fox Squirrel on Wikipedia seemed to be taken in Berkeley. I guess this is a little Fox Squirrel haven, like the marina is a little California ground squirrel haven. I’m inclined to think that maybe we need a few more hawks around here to have a word with these fat guys and force a better exercise regimen. I got a sudden burst of creative focus this afternoon at work. The pieces of the document I've been working on putting together seemed to just sort of sort themselves out for me. Very strange, but a common sort of experience for me. I'll try working on something, not really get anywhere, then suddenly it comes to me and I can solve the problem without issue. Maybe inspiration isn’t the word, but focus seems pretty accurate. This evening should be primarily a writing evening. I have a pretty sizable backlog of pages I'd like to write out. Not too much other than that, should be pretty nice. 5:45PM / 61F / High of 69F / Clear and sunny](images/35237679/xcSumKxPsD-daily.webp "")
