---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Feeling good and replaceable objects
updates:
  - '2022-04-18'
id: '51913097'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Back on the typewriter tonight. Today I'm walking around like an 80 year old man. I felt okay this morning, but after my run I really started getting sore. There's something strangely enjoyable about how it feels; it's not immediately that nice, but the state of being sore is somehow just kinda good. Weird. Today I'm feeling really good for whatever reason, I can't quite figure it out. Nothing really changed from last week to this week but I just feel better. I mean one of the things that might have contributed is all of t he tasks I had coming up are done. Not tasks exactly, more like events that required me to interface with people. And not just people, but something that required more attention than other meetings. On Saturday we had to go to the community garden, which is not an event that I'm turning out to look forward to as a result of the company. And then Sunday we had the get-together at my parent's house for Easter, which again was not that much effort but was one of those social things that I wasn't entirely thrilled about. And then this morning I had a design review at work that I was thinking about over the weekend. All and all, nothing too bad but just a series of responsibilities that started to weigh on my mind. I guess I really am an introvert. Not that that's much of a surprise to anyone, but it does surprise me sometimes how it affects me in situations such as this. We're going to housesit for my parents as they go down to LA to pick up their new camper. I should take this typewriter with me, why not. I was just thinking about how if I were to take this machine with me someplace and it was stolen, I don't think I'd be too upset about it. That's kind of interesting to consider, what are the things that I own that I'd be upset about if stolen? And why? My laptop, for example, I think I'd be pretty peeved about, mainly because I'd need to buy a new one, and they're expensive. And then I'd have to go through the whole process of setting everything back up, which would present its own set of annoyances. I can't think of any objects that I own where I’d have some strong emotional response to the theft. Everything’s kind of replaceable, which I suppose is both good and bad. On one hand it means that I'm not too attached to objects that are designed for tasks that are primarily utilitarian. If the object goes, I can replace it and continue doing the task. But on the other hand, maybe it also means that I don't have any sentimental objects. That seems okay to me right now, but I somehow feel that it's not supposed to feel okay, that I'm supposed to be attached to things. But I've never really been that way. And what's this "supposed to" thing anyway? Whose deciding this? I can do whatever I want. Or feel however I want. Yeah. 9:55PM / 57F / High of 65F / Sunny, then some clouds and wind this afternoon](images/51913097/vQXottWkuC-daily.webp "")
