---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Intermediate social states and reservoirs of potential
updates:
  - '2022-03-22'
id: '86717221'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Why is it that there's only really two states online: private and public? I guess sometimes there's an intermediate state which is something like selectively public, but other than that somethings either visible for the whole world to see or not. It seems like this is probably part of some of the main issues that arise around social platforms making people into these strange digital creatures that are far more reactive and aggressive than they would be in real life. It's simply too easy to quickly post something that anyone on the internet can find, or even have pushed to them in real time. Of course this results in flamewars. What if instead there were mechanisms that limited the speed at which you could post and read. What if you received replies once a day, say, and once your reply was made the recipient' wouldn't see it until the next day. What if there were staging environments for posts, where things would go before being placed into the entire world? What if this environment had different laws, perhaps the content here was anonymous, perhaps there were different mechanisms for exploring it beyond the social graph or strange algorithms. What if there was a one day Jag between posting and actually posting, where you'd receive your own post twelve hours before it was made public and you had to retype it before it sent. There's a ton of opportunities for exploration here. Sadly all we seem to get are permutations of the same thing over and over again, using the same old mechanics. I really wish all these new NFT and DAO projects actually innovated in this regard; this seems like an area where literally anything could be tried with' no regard for what's established. Instead we get a bunch of pathetic Twitter-like experiences. Let's make something new! I feel like I whine a lot in these pages. Too much. Not enough constructive thinking. A lot of bitching about this and that, ranting too. I need to stop. Find something better to write about that I have some actual interest in changing, rather than just sitting on my fuckin philosopher's chair and critiquing. Though honestly these social mechanics I think are the sort of thing I could see myself working on in the future. Experimenting with designing alternative systems. The next iteration of Pith, maybe. This eucalyptus is smelling incredible still. 10:00PM / 56F / High of 80F (!!)/ Clear and sunny](images/86717221/JHMPmGWqxl-daily.webp "")
