---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: 'Meeting the Glacier Buddah, part I'
updates:
  - '2022-02-11'
id: '99783073'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Last summer Sydney and I visited Glacier National Park in Montana. We were driving from coast to coast, and the idea was to stop off at all sorts of interesting spots between. Of course I'd only started looking at making reservations for camping maybe a month before the trip, and predictably there were very few options. Glacier had instituted this new policy whereby you needed to reserve your tickets into the park online in advance, and it was a lottery system of some sort. As seems to always be the case with these sorts of things, there were no openings left whatsoever, probably reserved within seconds of them going live. So, I reserved a site near the park, with the intention of exploring the surrounding national forest (which is almost always less busy and just as nice anyway.) However, when we finally got to Missoula, I learned that there actually was a way into the park. It required going around to the far western side of the park and entering by way of a 30 mile long dirt road. This way you could access a number of otherwise inaccessible lakes with supposedly off the beaten path type scenery and campsites. So we mulled it over for a bit, eventually decided to give it a shot. Note that the reason we were a bit conflicted about it to begin with is that we had driven Sydney’s regular, 2WD saloon car. This was a car designed for the highway and suburbia, not a 30 mile dirt road up the rocky mountains. But the promise of placid lakes was too compelling; we had to do it. And so, we departed, driving up a paved road that abruptly stopped around the bend of a river, leaving us bounding over potholes and washboard at maybe 15mph. And so it was,mile after mile, dust washing over us as pickup tricks streamed by at a clean 35mph. Harrowing, perhaps. Suddenly, about 20 or so miles in, the road turned once again to asphalt as we entered the town of Polebridge. As we savored the smoothness and ability to think once again, we were suddenly once again on rock, passing through the two buildings that make up the town of Polebridge before heading to the park entrance. The last few miles before the entrance were the worst of them all; the rocks got larger, pools of mud deeper, and "road" narrower. The car had at some point become completely encased in mud as a pickup roared past through one of the mud lakes, leaving us peering out a darkened windscreen like the driver of a tank. Just then, we crossed a bridge and its short length of asphalt before slowing to approach a single hut with a flag above. We had reached the entrance, at last. 8:00PM / 60F / High of 75F / Sun, some high clouds](images/99783073/jnXmXLSoFL-daily.webp "")
