---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: >-
  Nice sandwiches, ranting about utility bills, and the possibility of
  innovative systems
updates:
  - '2022-03-19'
id: '97344508'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Well the breadmaking experiment that I wrote of yesterday was a bit of a failure. Well, not a failure per se, just a bit underwhelming. The bread turned out just fine, but the thing is that the flavor was pretty much the same as it always is and the structure of the bread left a little to be desired. The holes were a bit too large and the overall oven spring was a bit weak. All in all, I think I'll stick to my usual method of doing the leaven overnight and making the whole process in a single day. That seems to result in more predictable results, anyway. And the same flavor. Win-win. We went over to my parents' house today, and made some croque monsieurs on the fresh bread. There's something really special about grilled cheese sandwiches on fresh bread, it just works so nicely and you get a sandwich that's somehow so much better than an ordinary one. It's like this super soft bread gets all crispy on the outside and turns the whole thing into such an incredible combination. At some point today the topic of the water bills came up, or utility bills more generally. Anyway, it made me go on and compare our bill to what my parents have been paying. Everything seemed to make sense, with the exception of the water bill. We've been using an average of 37 gallons of water per day pretty reliably for the last eight months or so. And so for two months the bill is generally around $120 or so. This, evidently, was quite a lot. My parents were paying similar but using more toward the 80-90 gallons per day range. And yet our bills were pretty similar. So I looked into the breakdown of the costs and found that the actual cost of water was only about $13 for the last two months. Thats $13 for two months worth of water! And yet, somehow, I've been paying $120. As it turns out,·there's a a $60 service fee for simply being attached to the water grid, regardless of how much I use I always have to pay the $60 or so a month. And then there’s the sewage and all sorts of other fees that keep piling on top of each other to result in this insane bill. How is it OK for my actual water bill to be $13 and to need to pay $120 total? Insane. I think I get a bit too worked up about this sort of stuff. It just doesn't feel right, I don't like needing to rely on this system to overcharge me when there are many other ways it could be done. And yet, I can't build a lot of those sorts of systems because they're prohibited by the building code. So because you have to build your house in a certain way, there's going to be an inherent wastefulness to it~ and you're going to also waste additional money on things like service charges for that poorly optimized system. I wonder what the best way to get around this is, to find a way to experiment with new systems without the building codes and finding a way to introduce new standards over time. It seems like at the moment all our systems are great for reinforcing the status quo, not necessarily for innovating. 9:25PM / 53F / High of 59F / Cloudy, a tiny bit of drizzle:(](images/97344508/XEuupDSouU-daily.webp "")
