---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Organic signal and combined value
updates:
  - '2022-02-22'
id: '58618351'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![I woke up thinking about my link previews project again. Whenever I spend any amount of time working on it, I find that for the next day or so I'm thinking about it a lot. I can't quite figure out what it is that I should be doing with this thing. The reason I picked this project in particular to work on was because people seemed to show some organic interest in it. It’s the only one of my Twelve Websites projects where the end results seemed to be worth pursing in the same form I created them. In this case that means the idea of writing a package for this tool was a good one; its something that there seems to be a need for. The repository somehow had some traffic and has a few stars, and some random guy found my number and was texting with me about it. All in all, it was pretty clear that as a project this one was worth continuing. Now that I'm working on it, I see how much of a black home it can be to continue to develop it without any feedback. I'm guessing and just sort of winging it. The overarching goal is to make something that can be included in pretty much any sort of project; the other technology used to build the site matters less. So it might be a dynamic site build with react, a server-rendered site build with Vue, or a static page. It doesn't really matter. The package should be useful for all of them and feel like it's been made with each piece of tech in mind. React or Vue users should not have to struggle to make something work, it should feel native. The other aspect to this project that I was mulling over is perhaps using it in a browser extension. Of course its nice to build something that developers will use, but I think perhaps even better would be to build something that everyone can use too. The thing is that I don't see this page previews tool as being particularly useful on its own. I mean it is pretty nice, but as something that people would install I don't really see it. In my mind it really needs to be accompanied by something else, some other core value prop that when combined seems to clearly improve the experience of the web. My feeling has been that the combination that makes sense is to pair this with the history search tool, so you get an altogether different experience of browsing. Regardless of which of the tools you use, you'll find them to be integrated visibly into your workflow. For example, the link previews will show information about when you last visited the page, to back to the history tool even if you don't use it explicitly. Anyway, clearly I need to do a lot more thinking to figure out this stuff a bit more before I start designing something and building it out. 8:30AM / 46F / High of 52F / Partly cloudy, windy](images/58618351/lwmQUFDjev-daily.webp "") 
