---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: The spiritual walk to Walmart
updates:
  - '2022-03-28'
id: '33222505'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![This evening I was reminiscing a bit about my time in Omaha. I was thinking back to my grocery routine, and how I'd walk from my apartment to Walmart every Saturday morning. It was a five mile round trip, and I'd carry the bags of groceries with my backpack and in hand on the way back. I remember needing to be pretty careful about what things I'd buy so I had enough room in my bags, there wasn't too much for me to carry, and that I'd actually have enough to eat over the course of the week. I really wish that I'd recorded what I was buying and cooking back then. As I recall, it was a lot of rice and beans, bread, and peanut butter. Oh, and tortillas too. And cheese. Probably not enough green things. But not too much pasta; as I recall I stopped buying it because it took up too much room when carrying it home. Things like rice were much denser and smaller for a similar amount of calories. I especially remember the feeling of walking back home carrying all those bags, the walk felt like it was miles and miles. The bags would cut into my palms and I'd be drenched in sweat from the humidity. The walk felt like it took forever, and at one point I thought it might be helpful to try listening to music as I walked. However when walking back the earbuds kept falling out of my ears, and I'd have to put down the bags, fix the earbuds, and continue on, keeping my head as still as possible to prevent it happening again. Eventually I have up and listened to the silence of the walk, which is to say the sounds of cars going by, lawnmowers, and insects. At that point I'd give anything for the nice cool breeze from a fog bank at home, the scent of the sea and eucalyptus. And then, finally after two and a half miles of concrete sidewalks, I'd climb the stairs back to my air conditioned apartment and collapse, wanting nothing but the cold milk I'd just bought. Except it was warm by the time I got back, and the real dream of ice cream was completely out of the question. I don't know, I really enjoy looking back at this particular time in my life. There was something about it that felt so true, so meaningful in an impossible to describe way. Why, despite the pain of that walk, do I remember it fondly? What is it about the hardship of those months that's stuck with me? I guess this is where I learned something particularly important about myself, something about how I need some amount of friction and work to be happy. Had I just driven to the Walmart I don't think I would have enjoyed it so much, but since I decided to walk (I didn't have a car, but could have taken the bus) it became this important spiritual ritual for me. 10:00PM / 54F / High of 63F / Drizzling, then clearing with big puffy cumulus clouds all afternoon](images/33222505/nxXvDUzWMQ-daily.webp "")
