---
id: "62167999"
node: Time as a spiral and news as ice cream
indexed: false
daily: true
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
updates:
  - "2022-01-26"
places:
  - "Berkeley, CA"
---

![It has been my experience that time is most certainly not a linear experience. Well, it kind of is on the surface, but once you start to look closer, its main quality seems to be more cyclical. The same people, events, thoughts, feelings drift in and out of your life. I've been picturing it more as a sort of spiral, where each year you move progressively outwards, building on the year previous, while returning to the same ground. It's not just the individual life that's like this; it's the social life too. Despite people going on about all the 'progress' we've made, the same questions, uncertainties, and parts of human nature seem to come out. We've built a lot, but it's all built on the same ground that's held everything prior. We don't really get anywhere in the long run. But where are we supposed to be going anyway? Direction is the wrong question. For the last maybe five years or so I have removed the noise-making distractions from my life. No news, no commentary about current events. It's had the very interesting side-effect of making me much more aware of where news does come from when it eventually trickles down to me. For example, my parents are always watching the news and quick to bring up whatever the latest outrage is when we talk. But they're selective about it; there are certain flavors of story that they're much more likely to want to talk about. Other sorts of news I'll hear from my coworkers; they prefer certain flavors as well. Friends, too have their own preferred flavors. So it's always interesting when I add something new to the mix. I get a different taster from the ice-cream store of current events. Recently, for example, I started reading a collection of people’s typed pages from the day; called One Typed Page. People there talk about their day, and whatever the topic-du-jour decided by what seems to be either Twitter or TV networks. A different flavor to me. We shall see if I decide it's worth buying a scoop. Universally, though, I find whatever news I do end up hearing not worth hearing. It almost always has similar characteristics, usually to do with something new (though not actually new for reasons aforementioned) and controversial enough for people to want to talk about it as if there are others that disagree with their take (although they almost never discuss with these individuals, they are hypothetical.) I will pay more attention to it as I am interested in what some other characteristics may be. Should be a fairly slow day at work today, so hopefully time to daydream a bit and heighten the creativity. 8:00AM / 45F / High of 62F / Fog, clearing](images/62167999/tQkkIGQmob-daily.webp)
