---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Tomatoes and responsibility for a process
updates:
  - '2022-02-08'
id: '35860865'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![Today was the day that the tomatoes finally got started. We bought the seeds a couple weekends ago but I never got around to planting them until today. I don't remember if I've ever started tomato plants form seed before, so maybe this is my first time. My understanding is that they need maybe two months inside before they're ready to be planted in the ground. That should be somewhere around mid April or so, which seems just about right for around here. Then it's another three months until time to harvest, so Julyish. In practice though I know it's usually August when the real harvest comes in. I will be documenting and writing about this process in depth as I go. This of course will be something that will need to be figured out and tuned for each environment I live in. Sydney and I are talking about moving someplace with more significant winters, so how to grow tomatoes in an environment like that will surely take some trial and error. In general, the goal is to begin to grow more of the foods that we depend on eating day to day. Tomatoes is a good start, but there are plenty more staples to try out too. Potatoes come to to mind as another interesting one to try. We don't really eat them that often, but they seem to be the sort of thing that can be grown by the average gardener. The two biggest staples for us are rice and wheat. I don't think these will be the sort of things we'll be able to grow ourselves, but I'd definitely like to eventually. Something about the idea of growing your own wheat, milling it, and making it into bread is such an attractive idea for me. It's probably the end-to-end nature of it; your labor is responsible for every single step in the process. To be able to do something like that symbolizes that you're able to be a fully self-reliant and sustainable individual or group. Maybe this is one of the things that bothers me about the way the world seems to be heading. The emphasis is less on fully owning and being responsible for the entire process, but rather about outsourcing the parts of the process that are less convenient to do. Part of this is due to necessity; the world is becoming infinitely more complicated and outsourcing is necessary to simply operate at the most basic functional level. But I think a fair amount of it is also laziness; people aren't interested in being true generalists when there are so many more lucrative options that come with specialization. Too bad; the generalists will prevail! 8:20PM / 55F / High of 71F / Sunny and clear](images/35860865/mybBUjZkqD-daily.webp "") 
