---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Tribes and a frightening lack of grey area
updates:
  - '2022-02-24'
id: 00295872
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![If one thing could be said of humans, it might be that we like a good tribe. The no-news bubble was broken last night as I learned that Russia had invaded Ukraine. Evidently this was something that had been likely for a while but I hadn’t been following it. But last night they invaded, and I heard about it. It's a bit strange to think about; we've been conditioned for many years to think that the days of wars between nations are over. Now it's just militaries fighting insurgents and non physical wars between countries. Just for the developed world, that is, in less-developed countries all bets are off. Or so the conventional thinking seems to go. But here we are today, with a war between major European nations underway, a hot war, that is. I'm worried about this one. I have a hard time seeing the Russian side of it. In the wars in the Middle East that the U.S. has been involved in since Kuwait, it's been a little less morally clear who to prefer. There were a lot of grey areas. Perhaps it was all a grey area, one might say. But in this case, I fear, I cannot see any grey area. Thia worries me. For one, it suggests that there is a perhaps irreparable difference in perspective between Russia and the west. Both look at the world and see the same things in a totally different way. Without any sort of common ground, opinion-wise, we're screwed. Both sides force their way on the other, or try to at least. The second reason this lack of ambiguity scares me is that it make getting involved much, much easier. The whole situation can be made out in an incredibly simple and emotionally easy to understand way. The aggressor and the victim. The democratic west versus the autocratic east. Freedom versus tyranny. David versus Goliath. The moral picture that's painted is pretty damn clear. Good and evil are easy to parse out for the western bystander. And that makes it so much easier to stop being a bystander. Reading through people's reactions, it's clear that there's quite a sizable chunk of people that want to help Ukraine militarily. The situation I painted above is pretty clear to them. I'm sure that the polling is underway to determine what percent of the population would support intervening. Something tells me we may be looking at a moment of bipartisan agreement. I don't really have a much of a nuanced take on it yet, but something tells me more time will certainly not soften anyone's opinion on things. 6:50PM / 48F / High of 57F / Partly cloudy](images/00295872/FDFJexbAaw-daily.webp "")
