---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: Value and a day at the beach
updates:
  - '2022-04-02'
id: '62179921'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![For whatever reason last night we went to bed really early at 9:45 or so. Anyway, I woke up this morning at around 8:30, so a ton of sleep. As tends to be the case in these instances, I really didn't feel like I'd had a ton of sleep, but rather felt kinda tired. This morning I went through the monthly journals and logged the financials, writing progress, and investments. Incredibly this month I spent just 3.5% of my total income. Of course that's really just because I got my tax refund plus my bonus, and it wasn't my month to pay rent. But still, it felt great to see that. It made me think that having it as a goal to spend  no more than 5% of monthly income would be a great thing to try out. I'm not sure when it'll actually be possible; as far as I can tell it's not possible to lower our costs too much more in order to decrease spending, so the only real way to do it would be to increase income. Maybe I can start developing out some of my side projects a bit. This is actually an interesting question I've been considering a bit. So far the goal of all my little side projects has been to learn and have a bit of fun doing something productive. But I've also been feeling like I should know how to make money on my own. The only way I've really made any real money is through jobs, where value is created by the company you're working for, and the value you provide is to that company. As with many things, I don't like that extra bit of abstraction removing me from the value creation process. In this case, someone's already done the work to figure out what brings value, and I don't really have to do much except work for them in executing on that mission. I should be able to do that myself. Oftentimes I’ve thought about my projects in terms of value that they might bring me, or a more exploratory or expressive value. I haven't really thought about what I might build to bring someone else value in a way they'd be interested in paying money for. I think I'll consider that a bit more. Anyway, this afternoon we swung by my parents' house to have lunch and say bye to Piet as he was heading back to school from this week of spring break. Then we went out to Limantour beach and sat out in the sand for the rest of the afternoon. On the way back Sydney managed to figure out that she really does like Berkeley after all. And that we should consider the Pacific Northwest more seriously as our next destination. But more on that later. 9:30PM / 58F / High of 74F / Clear and sunny ](images/62179921/qMNPxMiwou-daily.webp "")
