---
backlinks: []
forwardlinks: []
node: 'Waves of thought, bonds, and institutional uncertainty '
updates:
  - '2022-04-12'
id: '25891692'
places:
  - 'Berkeley, CA'
daily: true
---
![For whatever reason, I get these waves of thought where I find myself writing down a lot of ideas all at once. It's like I'll be thinking, remember to write the thought down, and then suddenly become more attentive to my thoughts. After that, I'll be writing down everything I'm thinking, regardless of if1it should actually be written down. Some of those thoughts I normally wouldn't write, but since I'm on a tear I do. By write down, by the way, what I mean is add to my writing inbox and potentially return to later. Break out the notebook and jot the thought down. That's been working out pretty well for me, it's meant that I can more safely forget the idea without worry. Today I learned about I Bonds as a good inflation-protected location for cash. I've been thinking a bit more lately about what I should do with all this cash I've been sitting on for fear of inflation wiping away its value. I don't really want to invest it as there are plans in the future to buy some land, which would require a large chunk of cash all at once. But that's about a year or two out, and so in the mean time I need a place for this cash. Evidently this is just the spot, the bonds are inflation protected and are designed only for keeping the value of be principle. It's such a good deal you can only stick $10,000 in there a year. Seems like a pretty good thing to max out for the next couple years so I have a bit of safety beyond cash in a lame savings account. Investments are risky as ever. People were describing these bonds as the safest place to park your cash without it getting eaten a way by inflation, and it got me to thinking again at how fragile this all is. Here we're putting complete trust in the government to continue to offer this service and actually make good on their promises for year after year. It's not that I don’t trust the government, it's more that I don't trust that these sorts of institutions will be around in such a continuous and dependable a fashion as they always have. Maybe this is some kind of bias or fallacy, but it feels like during my lifetime there's a fairly decent chance tμat some large event will come along and change a lot about the world. In the last 30 years that change has been the internet, and it has not changed much in regards to the institutions around us. But we're only 30 years into it, a ton continues to evolve and I don't think that the changes we've seen thus far are particularly representative of whatever the future holds. Something feels to me that much more essential changes are afoot. But what do I know, hah. 10:40PM / 48F / High of 60F / Sunny, some nice afternoon cumulous clouds](images/25891692/CvksAFFCHe-daily.webp "")
